Update Localization Packs page (#900)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/internationalization/localization-packs.md

---
title: Localization packs
aliases:
  - /1.7/development/activate_a_language_in_prestashop
  - /1.7/development/activate-a-language-in-prestashop
  - /1.7/development/internationalization/activate-a-language-in-prestashop
---

# Localization packs

Wordings in the software are exported into [Crowdin][crowdin], a translation platform. This allows contributors to translate these into all supported languages.

> Each night, a cron job fetches translations from Crowdin, update the [PrestaShop/TranslationFiles repository][translation-files-repo] with new updates, and deploy translations to domain i18n.prestashop.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each night, a cron job fetches translations from Crowdin, updates the [PrestaShop/TranslationFiles repository][translation-files-repo] with new updates, and deploys translations to domain i18n.prestashop.com.
```

i18n.prestashop.com is a domain hosted by PrestaShop company to store all supported Languages Localization Packages. This is the domain where localization packs are downloaded when you use the "Download a Language Pack" feature in Back Office.

## About supported languages

Most existing languages are available in [Crowdin][crowdin] for translation, but not all are available in PrestaShop.

> This is because some languages have a a low completion level on Crowdin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because some languages have a low completion level on Crowdin.
```
